feat: extend REST API docs with new endpoints and additional functionality (#882)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: src/content/collaboration/operations/configure.mdx

-d 'your value'
```

> This endpoint accepts `PUT`, `PATCH`, and `POST` interchangeably&mdash;all three create the setting if it doesn't exist or overwrite it if it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint accepts `PUT`, `PATCH`, and `POST` interchangeably. All three create the setting if it doesn’t exist, or overwrite the existing value if it does.
```

Suggested rewording
